Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica Garcia.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll start a note and um, and then, you know, find a place to settle and it's comfortable
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I didn't sleep last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got a lot going on or live showing
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what what kept you up.
Jessica Garcia: On
Jessica Garcia: I was just restless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you end up going to
Gwenevere Abriel: A training.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last week,
Jessica Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did, how did that go, you still feeling positive about the work
Jessica Garcia: I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, feeling excited and does it seem like they're going to be able to give you how many hours a week.
Jessica Garcia: When I be working with them.
Jessica Garcia: On
Jessica Garcia: Thursdays, Fridays from me, because those are the days that my dad is off.
Okay.
Jessica Garcia: That works for you.
Right.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. Yeah. And then the little things. I'm gonna be
Jessica Garcia: Working with my grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you had a set a goal of I want to get a job. I feel like you've achieved that. Should I close that out.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
I think
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have. I want to get healthier as a goal. Yeah, let's check in on that one. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what you wrote last time, or what I wrote.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not one. How about in February. You were sharing. I will eat more fruits and vegetables got fresh fruit vegan yogurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not eating after 7pm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't get much of a check in for March. How would you describe your eating these days.
Jessica Garcia: I'm
Jessica Garcia: Saying, there's a lot more vegetables.
Jessica Garcia: Definitely
Jessica Garcia: Have
Lunch.
Jessica Garcia: The other day, actually, I
Jessica Garcia: I made myself like a little fruit port parfait
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jessica Garcia: And then I got really sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jessica Garcia: Like my stomach started hurting really bad and I thought I was having an anxiety attack.
Jessica Garcia: Because that's usually how I feel when I when I'm having makeup and I can anxiety attack right like my stomach starts hurting really bad and I start
Jessica Garcia: Like my vision starts getting blurry and everything, but
Jessica Garcia: I got sick from something that I, that was all I had eaten all day so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it sounds like something went wrong there.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, so I do the yogurt and fruit way cuz I didn't know the word
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so, because you define it. I want to get healthier. How will you know you're healthier. How will you be measuring healthier.
Jessica Garcia: Just better eating habits. I'm
Jessica Garcia: feeling a lot better about myself and just in general like physically
Jessica Garcia: Having more energy not being the sluggish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how often do you feel the sluggishness
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to get. So notice get is the verb. It's an in process word you're not measuring it in numbers not measuring it. And how many hours a day, you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Sluggish. So these are things that are hard to measure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you know what I'm doing is sort of trying to create some way to measure whether you're reaching your goal of healthier. So right now, we're saying healthier will be measured by feeling better about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: General, I think you said something about energy. What was the describe what you want. General what
Jessica Garcia: Just feeling I'm feeling healthier is doing better in general, not having more energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, please feeling better. I'm going to go since I can't measure that I'm going to say more energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to take this and I'm going to say some more energy and less sluggish and right now the way you rating it is you would say seven out of seven days you're sluggish, or what would you rate it
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are going to work. I didn't see it. I saw something else. I saw vitality to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't look sluggish.
Jessica Garcia: Um no I, well, I don't know, maybe it has to do with my
Jessica Garcia: With my mental health.
Jessica Garcia: The feeling sluggish because I noticed that too. And when I'm out and about. I don't feel like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it wasn't imagining it when you were planning on going to work. And we were talking about work. He looked like you had higher energy, your mind seemed like you were able to find words faster and you, you didn't seem low energy
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when, when do you get to participate in either training or work. When is that coming up.
Jessica Garcia: So I did the training.
Jessica Garcia: I'm going to call right now, after we
Jessica Garcia: Were done with our session and Nicole and then
Jessica Garcia: They should have a schedule ready for me.
Jessica Garcia: I fully
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention when you find out that schedule, whether you notice a little bit more energy, whether it's more exciting for you to plan what you're going to eat what you're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of pay attention to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Another goal you have, is I'd like to take time for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: In February, we were noticing. We have facials, for example, taking care of yourself with facials in March, we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Navigating the negatively experienced behavior of boyfriend. No report. Okay, so you didn't report any self care stuff in March, not to me there was more our focus was on self talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Choose curiosity over being right was encouraged.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a lot going on with your boyfriend at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I would like to take time for myself. Now look at the last let's say 30 days or last couple weeks. What's your assessment of whether you taking time for yourself.
Jessica Garcia: I'm all now have made it a habit.
Jessica Garcia: At the end of the night.
Jessica Garcia: I go upstairs. I shower.
Jessica Garcia: Just have some alone time
Jessica Garcia: Sometimes I incorporate my son in there. Okay.
Jessica Garcia: You came about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this what you mean. I would like to take time for myself. Are you getting that accomplished. When you take a shower and sometimes your son is in there and you're giving him a bath. Is that really alone time is that taking time for yourself. My bad.
Jessica Garcia: No. No, but I mean it's I enjoy it. Enjoy.
Jessica Garcia: With my son, because when
Jessica Garcia: When, when the ball like we just play in
Jessica Garcia: And filler.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so remember that this isn't my assessment. This is yours. I would like to take time for myself. If you feel it that way, then it's true. And you're taking time for yourself if, as I say it. You think no, that's not happening. That's not meeting the need
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you telling me yes it's meeting the need, you are taking time for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't
Jessica Garcia: Like I'm halfway there.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not you're not your head nods like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not like yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. Okay, I would say, I'm halfway there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to leave that goal. So half is 50% and would you say it's
Gwenevere Abriel: That each day.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are days when you find you have not taken any time to do, whether it's moisturizing your face or really creating me time
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice there's still days when you don't do that.
Jessica Garcia: I would say that I'm not able to do. I'm absolutely not able to do it like
Jessica Garcia: In the daytime.
Jessica Garcia: But like I wake up I wash my face and then I throw some coconut oil on my face and then that's it. But my, that's when I do like the mask and everything.
Jessica Garcia: Every day like three times a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: See like to see it at least six times.
Gwenevere Abriel: That right
Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already doing three
Jessica Garcia: And that's how okay
Gwenevere Abriel: That's halfway there. So I just doubled it
Jessica Garcia: And figured you
Gwenevere Abriel: Would want to see it six days a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not telling you ask these are real questions. This is you deciding, these are my goals. If I had to do in self care, you'd be doing a whole lot of other things. So
Gwenevere Abriel: This is you, okay, if I'm using today if I you tell me if you've reached this goal. How many days a week, will you be engaging in, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: facemask or the equivalent of that.
Jessica Garcia: Thing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I
Gwenevere Abriel: To the self care six days a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I reached my goal. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're halfway there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm what gets in your way of doing it.
Jessica Garcia: Too much to do around the house. I guess I always feel like I'm too busy.
Jessica Garcia: But I mean, I do it at night. So I don't know if that sounds like mostly every night. I do it in. And there's some nights whenever my son and
Jessica Garcia: Even if it's like everyone's asleep, and it's like 12 o'clock at night. That's when I wake up and I like watch TV and kind of get my alone.
Jessica Garcia: But then I
Jessica Garcia: Feel. That's why I feel tired. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Also have to the next one that was still a little confusing, but I think we'll leave it there. I'll keep revisiting it because it's getting some mixed information. But I think, but we'll keep it there. I'd like to be so then have I'd like to take time for myself. And then I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that one was about washing my face cream brushing oil and a bond painting toenails. That was really I'm going to move this information over here. I'm going to move this one actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This the one above it a second to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, let's go here. Um, this one is about communication. I will identify. Now, this is my wording, not yours. Your goal is I'd like to take time for myself. And then I create this sort of objectives that I think will help you get there. So what I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Planned will
Gwenevere Abriel: Client increase the frequency
Gwenevere Abriel: Of love, but where is it, man. But boop boop boop boop boop well client will identify challenges in assertively communicating her need for self care to her partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this has to do with communication and boundary setting expectation, how, how you sort of assess your ability in your confidence to communicate without a leading to an argument into some other distressing event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I think for you right change happens like some some weeks, it's like, Okay, well, now he's fine. Now he's not. Now we're not now I'm getting a job like
Gwenevere Abriel: It changes. I would say within about a week there's sometimes I'll see you and there'll be a significant change that's happened so around you and your, your boyfriend. What are the dynamics between you two these days.
Jessica Garcia: Um,
Jessica Garcia: Let's see how person or do I want to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, pretty personal I would think. Right.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I'm
Jessica Garcia: I feel I guess it's it's okay things between me and him are fine, fine. I'm not
Jessica Garcia: Sweating him anymore. I'm not stressing anymore, you know,
Jessica Garcia: It basically
Gwenevere Abriel: It Jessica is it that you've accepted his limitations, you've accepted what he is who he is and you have stopped expecting him to change.
Jessica Garcia: Yes.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, it's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're when you say not sweating him. It's not your mouth, making demands on him. You're not saying, hey, I need you to change this. Why don't you see the value in it and arguing about it. You're just like
Gwenevere Abriel: He's going to be this way. He was this way, this is how it's going to be, and you stop kind of asking him to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you mentioned earlier, so I'm not sure how personal to make this, what, what do you think that was about. There's something kind of personal about what's going on in there.
Jessica Garcia: Well, what, what I meant was, like, we, we haven't been sexually active for
Jessica Garcia: I would say, like, eight months.
Jessica Garcia: And then we recently became sexually active.
Jessica Garcia: But
Jessica Garcia: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Right. Exactly. So there that's personal. So, so I saw your head doing this. We weren't sexually active for for this amount of time recently we were. And then he went like this.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like
Jessica Garcia: I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know now this is deeply personal but this is certainly
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether it's comfortable or not comfortable for you. It's certainly a familiar place for me as a therapist to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what you like.
Jessica Garcia: I do
Jessica Garcia: Okay, I do. I would say I do, but I just ever since. After I had the baby, my libido has gotten. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So also, I don't know if this is true for you, but I've been listening to talk and what she says about testosterone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might also be for the progesterone. I don't know what other hormones, but it the buprenorphine completely messes with it. It's so you not only after the baby, but also because of the buprenorphine it's throwing off too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Right.
Jessica Garcia: Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and and look, there's so much to talk about a nice group meetings and I only sometimes get 15 minutes and I have to tackle what are we going to focus on here. There's so much we can talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's been about, I don't know, maybe six or more months since we've brought that topic up
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll try to remember to bring it up again so that the doc can talk about it. She can normalize it for people. She can give people ideas. I'll try and give her a heads up, like, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring it up, let's let's talk to our clients about these things. So they don't think it's going to last forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. So they can get that that sexual vitality back again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll see if I can check right now write myself a little note say
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, because I mean I just because then
Jessica Garcia: Because I don't know like postpartum Vargas the 30 years
Jessica Garcia: Maybe not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's um
Gwenevere Abriel: We can look at it like sometimes when the momentum going, then you're like, oh, that ended up being a lot more fun than I thought. Or is it things that he's doing that, you're not saying, Oh, I like that. Or, Hey, let's go do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because remember what you said was, I didn't like it. Now what I didn't kind of understand was whether it's like, I don't like how it happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where I don't like me during it, like, you know, and let's refine that a little bit more, or I was kind of like I got started and I was kind of wanted to eat a piece of toast is dead. I could have just stopped.
Jessica Garcia: It's more like I don't
Jessica Garcia: I feel like a hypocrite doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you're not married, kind of thing. Is that what you're thinking.
Jessica Garcia: No, no, because I'm like
Jessica Garcia: He gets on my nerves so much. I can't stand them, you know,
Jessica Garcia: And then I'm like,
Jessica Garcia: Laying down with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's kind of like I'm mad at you have disappointed in you over here, but I want you to please me is that what's happening is that where the hypocrite part comes in.
Jessica Garcia: I feel like it was more for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, then those are always that hypocritical.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I don't know.
Jessica Garcia: Like okay, maybe I use the wrong word. Like I don't I'm disappointed in him my eye. He doesn't
Jessica Garcia: turn me on.
Jessica Garcia: My whole perception of them has just completely changed in me.
Jessica Garcia: I don't like it. I don't like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you had sex with him because
Gwenevere Abriel: fill that in, because
Because
Jessica Garcia: We got
Jessica Garcia: It was just a moment my
Jessica Garcia: Meeting and I was like, well, I'm gonna try it, see how it goes.
Jessica Garcia: And looks fine and everything within just
Jessica Garcia: Afterwards, like
Jessica Garcia: But I can't stand him.
Jessica Garcia: When he gets
Jessica Garcia: Herbs or
Jessica Garcia: You know, you make me mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so
Gwenevere Abriel: This this topic itself is now a whole field in psychology. It is a very broad topic and people can just specialize right there on this topic and do no other kinds of work and just focus here so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to minimize its importance, but
Gwenevere Abriel: In your world view is sex. Does it have to have love is sex, just for physical gratification is sex, just to make a baby right that's only three. There's a bajillion different reasons that it's for. So for you, because notice how you like, well, I'll see if I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then I didn't hear anything about how it went. And then I and then it went to, but I don't want to like what he's doing. Afterwards, I'm annoyed with him, but I didn't hear about what the experience was like.
Jessica Garcia: Fine.
Jessica Garcia: It's fine. He's a I mean I guess I couldn't expect anything more from him. You know, you selfish in that aspect. Just like in life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now we're getting somewhere.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the fine part is
Gwenevere Abriel: That it wasn't satisfying for you. This is what he wanted. It wasn't horrible, but so fine. Is it wasn't an assault like trying to see where fine as it doesn't sound like it was pleasurable. I didn't hear anything where it was pleasurable for you.
Jessica Garcia: It wasn't
Jessica Garcia: It wasn't. I guess my emotions have to be in that
Jessica Garcia: My emotion.
Jessica Garcia: Have to be in it and they have to like it has to be someone that
Jessica Garcia: You know, is passionate about me and
Jessica Garcia: And we celebrate each other's body and you know
Jessica Garcia: Not like that were pan.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, it's not
Jessica Garcia: It felt like it felt
Jessica Garcia: Like the word the knowledge, but it felt like you know how the research, just go and
Jessica Garcia: They just step on their hands and then take themselves off and go away.
Jessica Garcia: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice your own wording right. We started with
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't like it. And then we're at fine and now we're at someone standing on a chicken and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming you're the chicken, who have had to shake it off.
Jessica Garcia: The hen. No, I'm the hand. I was good at.
Jessica Garcia: Script on
Jessica Garcia: Right by the rooster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So you look at the words you are using
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't like it. It was fine. But really, as we continue talking. I felt a bit like the hand that was kept forcefully. I'm assuming down and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Had to discharge that unpleasant experience because that's what animals do is they shake it off. You ever seen your, your animal like even if you hold them too close to you. He shakes it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: All animals have a discharge, we humans kind of keep ourselves all bunched up and we don't shake it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how your wording starts with, it's fine. But when we look at it a little closer. You may have stronger feelings than just it was fine.
Jessica Garcia: I'll do
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I do. I have a lot of resentment towards him and
Jessica Garcia: He just doesn't love me the way I want to be love the way that I know I deserve to be loved.
Jessica Garcia: And I was telling my brother, the other day, like
Jessica Garcia: See found a girlfriend or some girl wrote him in prison.
Jessica Garcia: And then he gets out in his life. She catfish me
Jessica Garcia: Know my brother, you know, when me in
Jessica Garcia: Drama and started talking like I was, I had already gained my sobriety way I was already on the
Jessica Garcia: Heavier side. So he always treated me like it's
Jessica Garcia: Like the way you treat that girl.
Jessica Garcia: I told them.
Jessica Garcia: And
Jessica Garcia: It doesn't feel good. Just remember, you know, you have sister and you have a mom, they get treated like shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like he could show empathy to you. He could understand another perspective, besides his own
Jessica Garcia: To my brother.
Jessica Garcia: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Because I don't, I don't like the way he talks. That girl is so nice to him. She's so nice to him and she was there for him and she fill in.
Jessica Garcia: And she has her own house her own car. Like you know she seems like a nice girl, as far as I can tell.
Jessica Garcia: But
Jessica Garcia: I'm my brother's issue is that
Jessica Garcia: She sent him a picture to prison.
Jessica Garcia: And she doesn't look like what her pictures like what picture with the picture, she said.
Jessica Garcia: So she doesn't look like that in real life.
Jessica Garcia: To a lot more heavier said I'm not, I was telling them, like, don't be like that, you know,
Jessica Garcia: Don't be like give her a chance and
Jessica Garcia: And if not, then break it off.
Jessica Garcia: He was like, You just gave me a guilt trip.
Jessica Garcia: Like we joke around like that. And he's like, your asshole. You just made me feel bad. I was like, I'm sorry. I've been wanting to tell you that because
Jessica Garcia: That's the way I got treated. I've got treated like if I was the fat girl, and he could do better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember earlier I was asking you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you knew what you like. Have you ever had that experience where you were having an intimate relationship and was exploring each other's bodies appreciating it you're emotionally involved.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you had that sort of satisfying sex life.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know what it is. You know what, it's not there, because you've had it and it's not there right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel obligated to have sex with him because you're living together.
Jessica Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Jessica Garcia: Don't I think it was just like a spur of the moment thing like
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it's, if you see if you like it.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, because the devil.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got another goal. I want to write a little comment a little statement about and see how you doing, I want to feel you say want to feel like I have made peace with it and processed it
Jessica Garcia: just reminded me. I didn't even tell you
Jessica Garcia: I kind of map that my mom.
Jessica Garcia: Was it. I think it was like on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jessica Garcia: I snapped at her and I told her how I felt.
Jessica Garcia: It's because my brother has puppy.
Jessica Garcia: And I was like, I want one, and she called my mom who's like will give him to call Mom and see
Jessica Garcia: My mom didn't know I was right there next to him. And so she's like all excited and my calling her boyfriend over, come here, come here, come look at the puppy very call the little girl.
Jessica Garcia: I didn't know why did I just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it was Tisha
Gwenevere Abriel: She was talking to
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is she talking to
Jessica Garcia: Her boyfriend.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, and she never let us have dogs. She never liked for us to have dog and now she's gonna get the little girl dog like it just
Jessica Garcia: set me off. And I didn't say anything like my brother saw that I got her
Jessica Garcia: And he was like he was like, don't be mad sister. I'm sorry.
Jessica Garcia: Like no, it's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how did you save you money.
Jessica Garcia: So the next day we were talking and Alex will do
Jessica Garcia: She asked me, Why do you get a man. Why do you, why did you get, man. And I was like, because if this is me off. Like, I feel angry, I feel
Jessica Garcia: Just angry and sad her because
Jessica Garcia: Because you do with that little girl. What you never did with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, can you go, that is spot on. What does she say to that.
Jessica Garcia: And she said, Are you serious,
Jessica Garcia: Are you serious right now and I'm like, Yeah, I am serious.
Jessica Garcia: And then
Jessica Garcia: I just started telling her, I started telling her that
Jessica Garcia: That I can't get over it.
Jessica Garcia: I can't get over it. I still heard about that day that all that stuff happen.
Jessica Garcia: When her boyfriend slapped me across the face and she left me that apartment and she tried to tell me that she didn't leave that that's not true that she didn't leave but I know she left like
Jessica Garcia: Everyone knows she left and then
Jessica Garcia: I just, I was like,
Jessica Garcia: I was like on a roll. And I just wasn't letting her
Jessica Garcia: I wasn't letting her denial. I was in letting her
Jessica Garcia: You know,
Jessica Garcia: Make me feel like if I
Jessica Garcia: Like if I was in the wrong for feeling the way I felt
Jessica Garcia: And then
Jessica Garcia: I just thought it I thought it all out and then
Jessica Garcia: But she stayed on the phone with me. It was weird, like she didn't hate usually she hangs up and she did it. She was just sitting there, even after we had stopped talking
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, she just stayed on the phone. I was the one that hunger.
Jessica Garcia: I have to go because I was like what the hell are we just sitting on the phone for
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but you do notice a difference she stay on home and know maybe you didn't know what to do because it would have been hurt turn to say something and she doesn't know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, she did stay on there and that feels different. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got it all.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. Well, I was like, kind of in a rage. And so the next day she called me and
Jessica Garcia: And like she said that she couldn't sleep all night. She wasn't able to sleep all night.
Jessica Garcia: She said that she was dreaming about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that make you think right there. What was that something just hit you pretty hard just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That she would dream about you. What is that is that
Is that
Jessica Garcia: There's a dream that when I was when I was a little girl that I used to peek my head.
Jessica Garcia: Around the corner and she used to like call my name and she said that that's what she was dreaming and then she was calling my name. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't it be nice if that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: What that dream was and that
Gwenevere Abriel: That mom loves you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. Yeah. That would be nice.
But
Jessica Garcia: The next day was just
Jessica Garcia: Her seeing how much I hurt her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, oh, we get our hopes up. So, so there's, there's, there's this thing, you know, when I was originally telling you about what a gas lighter is capable of. And if we want to opt out right it's completely letting go of expectation
Gwenevere Abriel: But then thing you did where you said your piece where you share your side of the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can exist, and you did do it. The only part that I would say you might end up getting let down is expecting a particular outcome we can vent and I'm glad she stayed on the phone for it but expecting that she's going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the next right thing
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where you have some control and you can say to yourself, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The most I can expect from her is that she just quietly listen and maybe that'll be the road to some healing is you know what Mommy may not know what to say to me when I'm processing. My grief and
Gwenevere Abriel: What I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: But at least, could you listen
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you don't have to say anything, you know, the other day, when you are quiet and you didn't hang up the phone.
Jessica Garcia: Or
It means
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and then on the next day you talked about how in your dream life because she couldn't say, well, I love you and I can't fathom the kind of pain. You must have had remembering it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I shouldn't say those things. But she did say I had a dream and she's remembering right the way peek around a corner.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be the best you can do for now just say I love you and I wish it was that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I think you mentioned in a text that your mom was thinking about getting some psychotherapy and and possibly even through bright heart health, you know, she followed through with that.
Jessica Garcia: I don't think so.
Okay.
Jessica Garcia: I don't think so either way should be telling me about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, okay.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: I think I asked her, one question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so you know, you would never hear it from me like I would never say she's in she's out sometimes their siblings and there's certain things going on. And people maybe think I'll say something passively. I won't, I won't say yea it won't say nay, I, I just won't
Gwenevere Abriel: It's too important. You know that each one kind of have that space to do what they need to do. I was just curious if she had said anything to you. And if you were noticing a difference in her behavior or something, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's kind of a bummer.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah yeah
Jessica Garcia: See
Jessica Garcia: I don't know what's different about her, but
Jessica Garcia: There's some kind of
Jessica Garcia: Like
Jessica Garcia: It's just
Jessica Garcia: Not enough
Gwenevere Abriel: There's not enough. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how did it feel to let it all out to her though long we just start from that, though. What was that like to just be angry rage even and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Not keep it in anymore and tell her.
Jessica Garcia: I felt bad afterwards.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then she said you hurt me so that reinforces that you're not supposed to say when you're mad that what that's going to do
Good.
Jessica Garcia: And I know it though.
Jessica Garcia: The way I guess the way we're always races that were never supposed to
Jessica Garcia: Um,
Jessica Garcia: Disrespect our parents and raise your voice a second and talk back to them.
Jessica Garcia: So my grandma always
Jessica Garcia: Taught me and told me
Jessica Garcia: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Respect goes both ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: Children are no less deserving of respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. They have their right to privacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have the right to know when they're telling me so full. I don't want to keep eating, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I know my own. I know when I'm full. I know when I'm hungry. I know, right. What I like what I don't like. That's how we can show them respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: This toy. I like that, too. I don't like you like it. Mom and son like that toy.
Jessica Garcia: Jay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Z waking up.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: He just woke up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Where's Mommy.
Jessica Garcia: But yeah, give me a second, let me go grab them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jessica, we're going to end our session said that I wanted to share a quick poll with you. And the reason why I like this poem for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has to do with this idea that somehow anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not an acceptable emotion and that somehow it means disrespect.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to read it to
Gwenevere Abriel: You there yeah you there. So I'm going to read it to you have your baby with you.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, you see money here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just sort of take it in maybe feel his little body as he's waking up just kind of hold him, and I'm going to read it. You don't have to read it with me just sort of take it in. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a long one.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being human.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this poem is called the guest house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's, it is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pretty old this poem. It's not some new MANY YEARS OLD. So, this being human is a guest house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every morning, a new arrival, a joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: A depression. A meanness some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome and entertain them all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if there are a crowd of sorrows who violently sweep your house empty of its furniture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still treat each guest honorably
Gwenevere Abriel: He may be clearing you out for some new delight.
Gwenevere Abriel: The dark thought the shame the malice meet them all at the door. Laughing And invite them in
Gwenevere Abriel: Be grateful for whoever comes
Gwenevere Abriel: Because each has been sent as a guide from beyond
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe take some time, take a screenshot. Just sit with this for a while and think about how
Gwenevere Abriel: This being human is a guest house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I've never had an actual second home where I have an actual separate guest house, but when I try that on
Gwenevere Abriel: Very different than a spare room in the house, imagine that it's a guest house.
Gwenevere Abriel: This being him just try that on a little bit. Put a little further out its way out here and go with that metaphor. And, see, see what what comes up for you and see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Share that next time we meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody
Jessica Garcia: Feel though. Like, even though someone throws jabs I'm YEARS HAVE BEEN I HAVE TO
Jessica Garcia: Be nice.
Jessica Garcia: And kind and laugh.
Jessica Garcia: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to reschedule for next Monday.
Jessica Garcia: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe put in your alarm. Let's see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe set up a little bit of the EMT or we might pick a target sort of focus on a particular not the whole network. Not all past, but just one single memory one single piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of probably a very complex network of things but
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we could just pick one. Maybe you've talked about it before, maybe you'll think of something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, we can get there together, but at least let's have this phone set and then have two objects, right, so that your eyes are level with mine might mean building up some books, keep your eye out. When you're in the community or if anyone's out and about.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they've wiped it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little
Gwenevere Abriel: A little phone stand it when you you know you have some way to kind of hold your phone up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Um, and I'm assuming you don't need any medication. I think you're on a two week deal and there's probably no issue right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I will see you. Will you be in group tomorrow get cold and I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, thank you.
Jessica Garcia: Bye.